## Drug Reaction Finder
###Aquilent’s Agile History
Aquilent is committed to Agile delivery methodologies that yield successful technology solutions across the Federal sector. Of particular note, Aquilent provides full-stack, Agile-based digital services for Healthcare.gov. In 2014, CMS chose Aquilent to lead key facets of the marketplace rehabilitation effort. Utilizing an Agile approach, we produced that directly facilitated the recently concluded, highly successful open enrollment period. Additionally, Aquilent utilized an Agile approach to design and develop the Healthy Living Assessment (HLA) for the Department of Veterans Affairs; an interactive tool that supports improved health care decisions for our nation’s Veterans.
###Project Planning
Aquilent is deeply committed to user-centered design principles that can properly inform our Agile development processes. Based on content available in the OpenFDA dataset, Aquilent began by conducting research with target users. The goal was to determine a large-scale health problem we could attempt to solve in a short period of time that would have the greatest **impact on citizens**.

Our research confirmed that citizens were concerned about having “bad reactions” to one or more drugs they were taking. Based upon adverse drug event reporting data the OpenFDA dataset provided, we began orienting our efforts around a solution that would allow citizens to search for adverse events for the drug(s) they were currently taking or considering, thereby empowering users to make better informed health decisions using multiple devices **(Play 2)**. Our Minimum Viable Product (MVP) solution prototype was labeled **Drug Reaction Finder** and was delivered in just eight days. We continued to ship product as the RFQ was extended.
